Fixed wonky tip box in Config Change docs (#169)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/next/06_manage-astronomer/06_apply-platform-config.md

## Step 3: Push Changes to Your Astronomer Platform

> 1. Find the values for your platform's namespace and release name. The platform release name can be found in your list of active namespaces. To show this list, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the values for your platform's namespace and release name. Your platform release name can be found in your list of active namespaces. To show this list, run:

```

```sh
$ kubectl get ns
```

> To get the value for the platform release name, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To identify the value for your platform release name, run:

```

```sh
$ helm ls -n <your-platform-namespace>
````

2. Save your `config.yaml` file, then run:
```sh
$ helm upgrade <your-platform-release-name> astronomer/astronomer -f config.yaml -n <your-platform-namespace> --version=<your-platform-version>
```

3. Confirm that the key-value pairs were successfully updated by running:
```sh
$ helm get values <your-platform-release-name> -n <your-platform-namespace>
```

> > **Note:** If you're interested in upgrading Astronomer to a new version of the platform, read [Upgrade Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/upgrade-astronomer).

Reviewer: @jwitz Is this redundant with the note on this that's at the beginning of the doc?

Author: Yeah definitely, removed the second note across all docs.
